1. General Agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions below ("Terms of Use" or "Terms"). Africoders may at its sole discretion modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting

Intellectual Property
A. Intellectual property (including copyright and trademarks in the materials and Services) other than those belonging to any person, organisation, company or group displaying, listing or advertising in the Services are owned by Africoders or its partners or affiliates (unless otherwise indicated) and you agree not to infringe on any intellectual property rights owned by Africoders or anyone else.

B. Nothing contained in the Services (including granting you access to the Services) should be construed as granting any license or right to use any intellectual property displayed in the Services without the express written consent of Africoders.

Use of Information in the Services
A. Information contained in the Services is for your personal use only and may not be sold, redistributed or used for any commercial purpose (other than to correct or add information contained in the Services) including, but not limited to, the use of any business contact details for unsolicited commercial correspondence or the creation of customer lists. Any commercial use of this information requires the written consent of Africoders. You may download material from the Services for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.

B. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, data-mine, scrape, transmit or distribute in any way any material from Africoders or the Services including code and software. You must not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.

Security, Access & Accuracy of Information
A. While Africoders takes all reasonable efforts to ensure the protection, privacy and integrity of any information you may provide, no data transmission over the internet is totally secure and the possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully used or observed by a third party while in transit over the internet or while stored on Africoders's systems or in the Services. To the extent permitted by law, Africoders disclaims all liability to you under the law should this occur.

B. As part of the Services, Africoders may respond to user requests or provide information (such as business information requested by users) to users, by any of the following means: such as telephone or email when appropriate.

C. Africoders cannot give you any guarantee of the accuracy of any business information or entity contained in the Services, including but not limited to the availability of any special offer set out in any listing.

D. You are responsible for obtaining all necessary equipment and services equipment required to access and use the services.

